Including EMBER related instructions (#4)
aplbrain/dandi-docs: docs/16_account.md

# Create a DANDI Account

A EMBER-DANDI account enhances your capabilities within the EMBER-DANDI Archive.
Without an account, users can freely search, view, and download available datasets.
With an account, users can create and edit Dandisets, and use the EMBER-DANDI Hub to analyze data.

EMBER-DANDI provides two servers:

- **Main server**: [https://dandi.emberarchive.org](https://dandi.emberarchive.org) - This is the primary platform for most users using EMBER-DANDI.

> - **Staging server**: [https://dandi.emberarchive.org](https://dandi.emberarchive.org) - Ideal for training and testing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Staging server**: [https://sandbox--ember-dandi-archive.netlify.app](https://sandbox--ember-dandi-archive.netlify.app/) - Ideal for training and testing purposes.
```

Reviewer: Actually, @laurendiaz @sandyhider -- do we even want to advertise the sandbox? Maybe no?

Reviewer 2: I think Nicole Stock is right.  The sandbox is really for us to test with.  We don't want other people uploading to it, unless we specifically ask them to, for a specific test case.
